# Here is the explanation of test 1


This C program generates a simple calendar for a given year, starting from January and going up to December. The program prompts the user to enter the year, and then loops through each month to determine the number of days in each month and the day of the week the month starts on.

Here's a more detailed explanation of the code:

The program starts by declaring four integer variables: year, month, num_days, and start_day.
It then prompts the user to enter a year using the printf() and scanf() functions.
The program then loops through each month of the year using a for loop that starts with January and ends with December. For each month, the program determines the number of days in that month and the day of the week that the month starts on.
Inside the loop, the program uses a series of if statements to determine the number of days in each month. If the month is February, the program checks if the year is a leap year (i.e., if it is divisible by 4 but not divisible by 100, or if it is divisible by 400). If it is a leap year, February has 29 days; otherwise, it has 28 days. For all other months, the program checks if the month is April, June, September, or November, which all have 30 days. If the month is neither February nor one of these four months, it has 31 days.
Next, the program calculates the day of the week that the month starts on using a modified version of the Zeller's congruence formula. The formula takes the year and month as inputs and returns an integer between 0 and 6, where 0 represents Sunday, 1 represents Monday, and so on. The formula is as follows:
y = year - (14 - month) / 12
m = month + 12 * ((14 - month) / 12) - 2
start_day = (1 + y + y/4 - y/100 + y/400 + (31 * m)/12) % 7
After calculating the start day of the month, the program prints the header of the calendar for that month. The header consists of the month and year (in the format "MM/YYYY") and the names of the days of the week.
The program then prints the days of the month, starting with the first day and ending with the last day. The days are printed in a grid format, with each row representing one week and each column representing one day of the week. The program uses two for loops to print the days: the outer loop goes from 0 to start_day - 1, printing empty spaces to align the first day with the correct day of the week, and the inner loop goes from 1 to num_days, printing each day in the format "DD " (with a space after the day). The program uses an if statement inside the inner loop to determine if it should start a new row (i.e., if the sum of the current day and the start day is a multiple of 7).
Finally, the program returns 0 to indicate that it has finished running.
